Mr. Jiang, let me lend you a cup
I have a teleconference later.
Don't drink Mr. Jiang
Don't drink with me
Don't give me face
Aunt Wang Yu
I'll drink with you, okay?
Mr. Jia suddenly said he wanted to see you in the future
no see
In the future, it will be said that he knows the truth about temporary death
I have something to do, you go first
chance encounter
What the hell did you do?
I'll leave this little bitch to you
Remember to record the video.
Ok boss
Little beauty, why did you cheapen me?
Stop
Didn't you leave?
Did you know I'm recording a video?
This is evidence of cybercrime.
Yellow croaker use your network in the future
You make money from it.
For revenge
Just sacrifice yourself
If you have anything in the future, you must tell me in advance
I don't want my fiancee to leave things tomorrow
Wait, you're hurt?
Let's go to the hospital
It doesn't matter to you either.
I thought you only knew how to get revenge on me
Whatever you want, I'm sure.